What is it guys and welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be breaking up with our.
You can see that we're totally done with this home page.
And now in this video we're going to be working up about Bage.
OK.
So let's him here and you can see that we're here in about section.
Now what we have to do we need to go to the edit page and we want to edit this whole page.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and here in the Condon's lay out I have to choose
to 100 percent full with I'm going to go to the title right here and I want to disable it.
OK.
I also want to do one thing is to disable the margins yes.
Let's go ahead and let's get a date in the let's go ahead and let's do this page so here you can see
this is our page right now.
What I'm going to do.
I'm just going to come here to edit page again.
And I want to click that element or OK now you can see that I will be taken to the page where I can
manage this page completely.
So let's see how this is going to work.
OK.
Now here instead of adding a new section and doing everything from scratch I think I'm going to be moving
on with add a template how this will work is that I can add any of the template here and then that is
going to work.
OK so I basically need an about template.
OK so let's go ahead let's move with that template.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to go down go down and here I want to see the about templates so
there should be about template so you can see that you can add any of the About page we have about architecture.
We have about a start up we have about personnel and then we have about calory and the up so you can
and these pages right here.
OK.
We have this as well the landing page mobile app.
We have these pages so what I'm going to do I'm just going to be moving up where I think you can also
add the DCV if you want to.
OK I want to go to this guy right here and answer this one.
So are you just clicking this you can see that it is loading and then it will be added right here so
you can see it is pretty well working.
And now what we want to do is that we need to edit this.
So Harveyville just edited.
I'm just going to come here to edit section and I'm going to go to style right here and I want to go
to the Bactrim overlay and I want to choose this to be Plock black and race stuff because we are choosing
this team to be the blacks.
I want to add the black effect.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to use the Plack one.
And we want to choose it to be this black and this should be another black shade.
So there we go.
OK.
You can give a different shade tray here.
So this is also looking cool.
This is basically the Karelian not the full color.
OK.
You can choose a different color if you want to.
So anything.
This is looking for.
OK.
I want to go down and I want to change this Facebook color to be Plag as well.
I'm going to go to stayaway here and the primary colors are going to be Plock.
I want to go to the content and in the content the content should also be the full block.
OK.
So I'm like this I want to come here I want to go to style right here and see the icon you can see.
I want to change this to be black and this content should also be changed to black because we have to
focus on this.
This team OK because we want to make sure that our theme is black and white focusing on this.
OK.
I also want to change this Facebook OK.
Let's come here.
Let's come here and we want to change this.
Let's change this to YouTube so you can go to Stein right here and you can change this to be black so
you can see that you can pretty well change as you can pretty well edit this whole.
This is basically the pre made lay out which this team gives which this element it gives.
OK.
We have about as we have this divider and then we have this and then we have this our story section
we have today is in everything.
So I'm going to come here right here.
I'm going to go above.
I'm going to click this guy right here.
I want change just to be a block.
I want to change this to be
a bit of gray.
OK.
And I want to change this color this color to be
Blackey color so it should be full black and this should be a bit of gray.
So there we go.
You can see this is what is coming.
And this since this video is totally the same so we cannot edit this.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and let's see if we can just add or change it.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to go to style right here.
You can see there's the expect ratio.
We have the auto places just videos play a title action so we can add an image overlay.
I think I'm going to come here to image and you can add any of the image overlay if you want to add
any image.
Really.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to try to add this image overlay instead of there so here
would be the play option.
Ok so I think this image is pretty well matching this color.
OK.
I have the play icon I have the light box as well so you can see this is all this working if I just
click here you can see this is going to pop up and then the light box is coming right here.
OK so now we go down and we have this kind section this is also the black and white and everything is
pretty well.
Now let's have a look at our Web site are about aspirates.
This is our about this page.
We have this right here we have this and we have these services right here that we want to show anything
we can show pretty well anything and you can see this is basically the shape divider that we have if
I just come here and I just go to the style right here and then I go to the shape divider.
Then you can see in the bottom we have the curve and I can change it.
I can change it to anywhere.
I can change it to before I can do it to be like this and I can change it to be I could change it.
I can also move on with the height.
So if I want to make this zero height you can see this is how the height is.
I can bring it above again change it to be invert like.
You can see this is now inverted.
So I'm just going to click here and I can also bring it to front and if I wanted to.
OK.
And then we have these services so we can change these services we can also remove this if we want to.
So you can see if I just remove it you can see this.
Our story is coming right here and I can even bring this to top if I want to bring this little pray
here.
I can just change the margin.
I can decrease the margin.
OK.
Let me choose.
Let me uncheck this and let me bring the margin to the top so you can see this is how the story is coming.
But this is the background color is said to this guy right here.
See if I just clear it up you can see this is how this is coming to Bactrim caller.
So I think I should just bring this down to the normal because this is not looking much cool.
So I'm just going to go to the advanced auction and I'm going to choose zero from here.
So here we go.
Here we go.
And everything looks pretty cool.
So now we're also done vaid are about page.
OK.
In the next video or let's just move on with this video.
OK let's just move on to the contact page.
Let's save it and let's click this guy and let's go to the dashboard and let's move on with the contact
page.
I'm going to go to all pages right here and I want to go to the contact us.
I'm going to hit it.
And here I want to go down.
I want to select it to be full with full width and the table and the title should be the signal.
So let's go ahead let's say the up date and let's get at it with elementary.
I'm going to come here I'm going to hit it with elementary.
And there we go you can see it is loading right here and it's going to take me to the new page where
I can just edit it completely.
So here we go.
You can see here I am going to add a template because I want to move into a template right now.
So let's see the contact template if we have any.
Let's go down let's go down
so it is the landing page.
It is also the landing page you can see this name is coming pray here.
So let's see if we have any of the contact page.
OK.
This is the one.
This is the conduct.
This is the con.
This is the conduct this is conduct and this is also the conduct.
This is the conduct so
I think I like this one.
OK.
I'm going to kick this guy right here and he can see it will be added right here below.
So there we go.
You can see this is coming right here.
This is our contact Bay just looking
OK.
I want to stretch it and I want to make it the full width.
Now it is looking pretty cool.
OK.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to kick this guy right here.
And I want to stretch it so coy now so let's check this page.
OK.
This is how the page is looking.
I want to change the color to be back from college would be full black.
So Dad this I mean just black.
But I think that this is already a black one but let's just come here to the back room overlay and let's
choose the black one
OK.
Now looks pretty Vell
call I want to come here I want to change this culture to be the black cool and I want to change this.
Let's just change this killer to be a bit of white and free
ok.
I want to come here I want to change the icon of this so I'm going to change the icon to be the black
to come here and change the icon to be the black gray here and change the icon to be a black right here
again.
So there we go.
You can see what is going to change this color to be black.
And there's color to be black as well.
And this to be black gets a little OK.
So you have to basically focus on this totally because this is really very important.
OK.
I'm going to come here and if you want to stretch it you can also stretch it.
So I'm just going to stretch it right now so the map should be full with
OK.
I also want to change this if I want to add the links.
So you can pretty well remove this because it is not much recommended.
But if you want to add it you can also added You have to just come here and change this to be a plaque
or a bit of gray.
So let's match this color.
I'm just going to grab this guy right here.
I'm going to hit page Kular you I want to drop this.
You can see that the color code has been copied and is going to come here.
I am going to paste it right here so this is now matching this color.
And we want to change these icons.
I'm going to click this guy right here.
I'm going to go with the style and I want to change my back from color to be full black or
white.
And this should be I'm sorry and this should be black.
OK.
You can see how this is coming.
We have these social links right here and then we have this is totally matching and everything.
So if you want to just add a gap here what you can do you can pretty well add a border below so you
can do that if you want to.
OK we have the border bottom right here.
If I just click this guy right here then you can see I go to the style and I can at a border below.
So I'm just going to add a border bottom.
OK.
It's going to be 20.
I want to just hit this.
And from the bottom I want a solid border and the solid border is going to be one pixel OK.
I want to check this again at the border to be 10 10 1 pixel and knowledge.
Click this and it can see this is a border that is coming so this is separating.
And now everything looks pretty cool re this and this is how our eye contact this page is looking so
if you want to if you want to add that contact form seven plug in.
You can also add it pretty well any Vere you want to add and you can see this is how I conduct this
pages.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Now we are totally done with this.
In the next video I'm going to show you that how can you go.
The blog team.
OK.
You can change the blog look.
You can pretty well create a blog post at the elementary so Stadion for that.
And by.